feat: add Kotlin for Data Analysis section (#4125)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/data-analysis/data-analysis-visualization.md

[//]: # (title: Data visualization in Kotlin Notebook with Kandy)

Kotlin offers an all-in-one-place solution for powerful and flexible data visualization, providing an intuitive way to present and explore data 
before diving into complex models.

> This tutorial demonstrates how to create different chart types in IntelliJ IDEA using the Kotlin Notebook plugin with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates how to create different chart types in IntelliJ IDEA using [Kotlin Notebook](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/16340-kotlin-notebook) with
```

val tempMadrid =
    listOf(6.3, 7.9, 11.2, 12.9, 16.7, 21.1, 24.7, 24.2, 20.3, 15.4, 9.9, 6.6)
val tempCaracas =
    listOf(27.5, 28.9, 29.6, 30.9, 31.7, 35.1, 33.8, 32.2, 31.3, 29.4, 28.9, 27.6)

// The df variable stores a DataFrame of three columns, including records of months, temperature, and cities
val df = dataFrameOf(
    "Month" to months + months + months,
    "Temperature" to tempBerlin + tempMadrid + tempCaracas,
    "City" to List(12) { "Berlin" } + List(12) { "Madrid" } + List(12) { "Caracas" }
)
```

Explore the structure of the new DataFrame by looking into the first four rows:

```kotlin
df.head(4)
```

You can see that the DataFrame has three columns: Month, Temperature, and City. 
The first four rows of the DataFrame contain records of the temperature in Berlin from January to April:

![Dataframe exploration](visualization-dataframe-temperature.png){width=600}

> There are different options to access a column's records that can help you increase type safety when working with the Kandy and Kotlin DataFrame libraries together.
> For more information, see [Access APIs](https://kotlin.github.io/dataframe/apilevels.html).
>
{type="tip"}

## Create a line chart

> Let's create a line chart with the `df` DataFrame in Kotlin Notebook.

Reviewer: Let's create a line chart in Kotlin Notebook using the `df` DataFrame from the previous section.

> Let's create a line chart with the `df` DataFrame in Kotlin Notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's create a line chart in Kotlin Notebook using the `df` DataFrame from the previous section.
```

        color(City) {
            scale = categorical("Berlin" to Color.LIGHT_GREEN, "Madrid" to Color.BLACK, "Caracas" to Color.YELLOW)
        }
    }
    // Adds a chart heading
    layout.title = "Temperature per month"
}
```

Here's the result:

![Points chart](visualization-points-chart.svg){width=600}

## Create a bar chart

Finally, let's create a bar chart grouped by city using the same data as in the previous charts. 
For colors, you can also use hexadecimal codes: 

```kotlin
// Groups by cities  
df.groupBy { City }.plot {
    // Adds a chart heading
    layout.title = "Temperature per month"
    bars {
        // Accesses the DataFrame's columns used for the X and Y axes 
        x(Month)
        y(Temperature)
        // Accesses the DataFrame's column used for categories and sets colors for these categories 
        fillColor(City) {
            scale = categorical(
                "Berlin" to Color.hex("#6F4E37"),
                "Madrid" to Color.hex("#C2D4AB"),
                "Caracas" to Color.hex("#B5651D")
            )
        }
    }
}
```

Here's the result:

![Bar chart](visualization-bar-chart.svg){width=600}

## What's next

> * Explore more chart examples in the [Kandy documentation](https://kotlin.github.io/kandy/examples.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Explore more chart examples in the [Kandy library documentation](https://kotlin.github.io/kandy/examples.html).
```
